a two-year-old boy from the Philippines
with a rare heart condition is making
the long journey to Houston Texas
hospital where doctors are standing by
to offer him a life-saving surgery Jacob
elyar has the story Dave Gabriel a two
year old boy from bacolod city
philippines is suffering from tetralogy
of follow a life-threatening heart
defect baby Dave now the chance to live
through the efforts of heart gift
Foundation a nonprofit organization that
brings children from around the world
for free surgery to correct
life-threatening congenital heart
defects created in year two thousand
heart it started in Austin Texas and has
expanded with chapters in multiple
cities since it was organized hargett
has treated more than 200 children from
over 30 countries through heart gift
baby Dave and his mother Mary Grace will
arrive in the US and July 12 so baby
Dave could undergo heart surgery at
Children's Memorial Hermann Hospital in
Houston and July 17 he was chosen for
surgery due to the fact that well
pediatric cardiac surgery can be done in
the Philippines due to the economic
conditions of his family their wait time
for the surgery would exceed his need
for this surgery Dave Gabriel is the
first patient to come to houston from
the philippines and we hope to welcome
many more in the future doctors say baby
dave has a hole in his heart which
prevents oxygenated blood from entering
his bloodstream sometimes causing
patients to turn blue this makes an open
heart surgery necessary to close this
hole if he will not be able to receive
this kind of surgery his life expectancy
may be short then it is a rare complex
heart defect it occurs in about five out
of every 10,000 babies or one out of ten
children are affected meantime Filipino
American ledreau Pearson Royal Oaks
lions club has volunteered to provide
housing and transportation for baby dave
and mary grace these kababayans also
plan to raise funds to help Mary Grace
provide for baby dates medical needs
even after they return to the
Philippines
gusto como khutulun staccato lady
Gabriella kanya na na na pupunta nuh
America Lanka kilala at Wolin kamag anak
esta malachim problema de noir
kanako-sama not acaba Pollard saladna
Mata all over the world a phenomena Tina
McGee successful operation j'ai DVR
abs-cbn news Houston